good morning good afternoon good afternoon guys
One more video is on, you gave it to me.
post on game day or on day
The next was working as we played.
promised I will post the video here I
to post the video of Maraca is connected and by
do not fucking evaluate them
check me then boot this shit go
there and Ovid marins heat
to 0 with her against 65 run 3 to 0 not
explained
White
place I think it's cool
oh, he's exhausted
i love you i am
ae
the goal
the black scenery natalie gives renê does not give
Give it to you denied you champion stamps
Who do we love, court boy and boy?
70 alex haley flower
we put a stop to the confrontation
photo alexander missing 36 axis looks
for the first time a teacher of
Story Comrade I'm Fuck
year
it's not the right one now we're going to the evaluation
It's on first, let's start.
by the said the best paulo mika obinna that
heroin california does not occur
listen worked aim was not
efficient mano been doing a little
defense but important defenses and such
Let's go and give it to him.
deserving you 're fucking paying the
turn on the river, I did not see the
throwing fucking blowing all over
for knocking down the airplane building every four
women was well I just barely step
that public she dominated to see that
He catches the ball as if he is in the way.
according to him he is all upset and as already
passed that security goes soon after
of young people can afford a price fucking
max steel the zap the ugly that I think
that the bomberman people of the side maxwell
fucking catcher that catches 9 with the give
that way tract is on and played
in the moral year with a lot of race keep the
car there I fucked the second
Scale this guy will not stay there for
It was great, I liked it.
anderson peak but I do not know if it was a
gas canister running she's okay
organizes a fuck the wonderful
young guy in the sexy jeans and ex away from them
fuck never seen a world run both
But this is part mano as meat
the whole churrascaria in the Basque fucking
music broken first of all for
tomorrow that guy that side that
arrives at the bar on the bottom line of the
Fucking crossing that guy who does not have
race occur
I have I think the first one but he has
inside the coachman I do not know what
happens on the streets do not take an attitude
looks
I 'm not going to talk about it, people.
3 to 0 like quiet but I do not
speak on the subject promised luís milícia
amaro antónio was that there 's no way
speak badly about playing well or poorly
for me has a child labor bitch
guy face does not know how to move shirt already
I said that already then repeated with the
weak head of a partner who seems to
that michael jackson ties me even more
when she more in the purpose of
report is smaller just boot a video
in what compared lady orchard today
very good demand today and that is the
woman who is good at morale and the
Football said colucci anomaly runs to
fucking goes like this, little boy of 18
30s when he attacked the play
Good doll forró every time I saw him
I remember the people of a
relapse of thought here
arriving on the grid everything that is thing
a lot for retirement for a better chance
maranhão's team
drawer and was heard online sister alleged
I can not drive north koff boladão
his soul when he has dressed to see
I'm going to leave that court, how
few with all the left that I do not
I'm an idiot, my face does not know the ball.
urban in the drawer
the valley is touching the ball there so far
that I notice from the bible neo mexico looks
that same footprint but how did the
most of the times that I have already
I was hit corner every time he
hit the corner and do it for me
the delay has been sincere review as juca
hyacinth the crowd how is it the same
You're on for just so you're going to win.
marcelo if nicholas was late to
fattened had a run and he
behave me off in the game but ok
quiet until silicon counts the color of
sin was I think I did not see anything
taking the attention of those tricolete
baitola all looking duck can trade
Your time is so stupid that she is.
turning idol face the talking crowd
he already has the advantage that he is the best type
is the flamenco fan a fucking
that this guy is going to turn idol
make the partnership combines obina like the
Felipe's face hears in this fucking marley.
played with race is on to believe
on the play of the port in a bingo game
that let's let's in this bitch and dragged by
phone the river Dave and my wife who
he fights in the area he did not play
of the flamengo that had done and technical
is connected with the thirst thou liked and
I started dating and I chicken in the
rich world is not going to slap your face
him but until he did not do new shit
tamojunto foto scored a goal and did not
ml with how much closed we continue
enjoying this fuck and subscribes to the
channel now I'm only posting on youtube
Google is not betting on face
why why why you talk about a
on youtube you better put it there and leaf
If you write that , I'll fuck it.
I also had facebook page that
prove the relationship to the stuff're IGAI
getting morale also want to leave
to go out to do errant
parcel is closed in with me by vamo
that we 'll be connected before Basque and not
You like the Basque there, fuck this page.
that this page is the bug note used
this fucking tamo together is also
essential is Basque and by inscribing
in the Flemish channel , to be sincere in the
youtube again repeating fuck the
page that together we are also
go to the next 30 km to go